{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Assignment #2\
\
For the second assignment, I would like to create an Ideator. In Goffredo\'92s Graphic Design Studio, when exploring ideas for our designs, we do an exercise where we start with the first words\'a0we think of that relate to the subject of the design. Then from those words we repeat this process recursively until we have arrived at an idea we think we can work with to create something original. Thus, I will create this process with a web app that helps one come up with ideas by taking one though a series of related ideas with Wikipedia and visualizing\'a0this\'a0with D3 libraries. The user would enter a subject of an idea, and then
\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 a web of interconnected ideas, represented by dots and\'a0connecting lines, would be returned. When the user clicks on a dot, a related subject would appear. this could then be clicked on to create a new web of idea. The web app is simple and clean, with only two pages, one to enter the idea, and the page where the web of ideas appears. The data would be retrieved when the user enters a word, which is used to\'a0query DBpedia. Then, from the article returned, I would use an algorithm to find related words to suggest further ideas.\'a0}